everybody welcome back to northern line
place of finding guys get rid plus we
got so much to do it don't say I know
you're going to say so much to see I
know you're going to say so much wrong
we taking the back streets we just did a
greed mode run I'm kind of more
conscious about variety now that there's
only one Isaac run today so I think
here's I'm going to set up my plan today
second run of the day is going to be as
asel greed mode so that we can unlock
Lilith and then we can do a Lilith run
after that but I think for now let's
just we can actually afford to random on
hardmode and hopefully just get a
character we have not achieved something
on and that can give us our goal I was
going to laugh so hard if it gave us if
it gave us Azazel although I guess I
wouldn't have mattered
so our post-it note shows we've not done
the cathedral of Eve 2kl 3ry 1/6 rise 16
that would be like my nickname if I was
a professional athlete who wore the
number 16 I'm not though so I'm just I'm
ride 28 you know and they every year it
keeps getting a little bit on the older
side I'm excited to play some Isaac like
to be honest I've been in wouldn't say a
funk this week but I've had scholastic
obligations that have been like a
serious drain on my time willingly but
at the same time you know I just took an
exam yesterday I'm trying to get in the
habit of not saying I wrote an exam
because even though that's how we say it
in Canada every time I say wrote an exam
everyone goes oh well what questions are
you going to put on it and blah blah you
know it's say speak my english language
or get out apparently but and it went
well so I'm like free at last
on my own little version of summer
vacation that allows me to play a little
bit of The Binding of Isaac which I'm
quite happy with because good lord
maybe I'm it's not really fair but I'm
going to use that as justification for
relatively poor play lately and just use
this as the opportunity to do a soft
reset even though our last episode was
that greed episode where we won mostly
thanks the car battery
years there have there's been some Isaac
episodes recently that haven't been like
ten out of ten in terms of like gameplay
quality we're going to nip that in the
bud we do also I know we have a bomb so
we can get this tinted rocker the one
that was aware or we were aware of
previously I would prefer to get to full
whore Babylon state before we do that
just so we have the extra DPS for the
next floor but apart from that we're
good I'm really I like to be random to
character that we don't do boss rush on
so we can sort of like ease into would
take our time this can be like a
standard 7 Isaac day for me and that
might sound like a lot of Isaac it's
really not that's like you know five
hours of Isaac five hours of Isaac took
kids it lives in the case I mean I'm not
enough of an Iron Maiden fan to follow
through with that reference built the
whole way but I do remember that two
minutes at midnight was on the Tony
Hawk's Pro Skater for soundtrack so it's
not that I dislike Iron Maiden I'm just
I'm only cursorily aware of their
catalog you know I'm aware of the
trooper I'm aware of two minutes to
midnight I'm aware of out of the silent
planet because my my college roommate
really liked out of the silent planet
and whenever he would get well now
whenever but many times when he was
intoxicated he would play out of the
silent planet and sing along out of the
silent planet out of the silence but if
we go something like there's been like
11 years but you get the idea where was
that other rock team tip there it is
got tons of bombs now alright try for a
secret room I mean what do you think you
pick up the HP I'm going to weigh out
the pros and cons here of taking HP the
con is that it takes us immediately out
of the Whore of Babylon state and it
makes it harder to get into the
permanent or a Babylon state the pro is
that we have a chance of getting an
arcade on the next floor and if you get
an arcade on the next floor gives us the
whore Babylon stuff doesn't matter as
much and it gives us the ability to play
it a little longer but who do I think we
want to stick with this because our
damage
actually 2.63 well we're not in the
Whore of Babylon State we didn't really
get much that raises our damage on this
floor like I refused to count little
Loki is like a big damage improvement
for us which i think is extremely
understandable this gives us the ability
to actually like kill enemies fairly
easily which is nice and dude golden key
one of my favorite additions this game
allows us to actually open that up I I
mean oh why would you pick it up you
idiot I'm going to actually drop super
magnet I just wanted to pick it up and
make sure we had it on record super
magnet is in my opinion kind of a
garbage trinket because it also pulls
enemies towards you which makes it
almost unusable in my personal opinion
but it's like a strange attractor but
for like your whole body it works for
your body pulls enemies close you
magnetically you know there's a second
pod - rocks - what's chorus but I cannot
make it no then it goes I don't know why
that's pingu singing if you do you think
I'm sexy
I think it's do you think I'm sexy
probably my favorite song about
intercourse by an octogenarian oh he was
only a septuagenarian when he wrote it
now
check our that's absurd is what I meant
to say but check our shop we have
kamikaze which is actually just terrible
unless we get pyromaniac or host head I
suppose but we're also guaranteed more
or less to get a deal with the devil
kamikaze takes your top heart like it
takes your uh it takes your spirit
r-right yeah it takes half a spear at
our foreplay it's actually not that bad
I thought it was a full spear at Harper
play it means that and this is like the
lamest most domestic use of you know an
item that allows you to make explosions
but it means that for free we can
probably blow or for a small cost we can
probably blow up tenth of Roxon get more
value than we otherwise would have
although we would never want to do this
unless we have zero bombs so it's kind
of a it's still a pretty bad pick up if
I'm being straight up with you now again
we're in kind of a weird spot here
because I really would like to take Halo
and I think I probably will regardless
but I don't really want to ruin our or
Babylon state so is halo I'm in this
weird position where I'm like I think
halo is worse than most people give it
credit for I think that's why I'm guilty
of this for a long time as well being
like oh it's and all stats upgrade it
can do no wrong and in many situations
that is a very I would say a productive
line of thinking
like highly not worth it but I think
we'll take it leo our damage is going to
be just god-awful but I think you still
take it because the tiers upgrade
doesn't go anywhere all we need to do is
find all we need to do is find one shop
or sorry one arcade eventually and we
should be okay in that department I'm
also going to donate three cents hoping
to pick up maybe like a luck upgrade it
also jammed up our donation machines so
I mean that's what you get I suppose
yeah so our tears upgrade or speed
upgrade I mean it's it's a complicated
sentence for me to try to parse here but
essentially we made ourselves worse
temporarily and every category except
for our rate of fire to make ourselves
better eventually in every category but
it is a little bit of a gamble I
wouldn't said like a year ago I would
have taken Halo and just been like sick
it's halo I don't know why I said it
like that but I said it like bear to be
talking about halo the video game bear
is the slice of all of our personalities
by the way this is going to sound like a
little bit of a backhanded compliment I
actually don't mean it like that there
is like all of I mean this is genuine
sincerity genuine as genuine sincerity
because I've you know I've grown up I'm
not the most cynical person on round
table I might be like the second most
optimistic but I'm definitely not the
same young man who was reading you know
official PlayStation Magazine in the
year 2001 and being like everything in
this magazine is going to change the
face of games forever you know I'm I'm a
little jaded that might be one of the
more jaded members of roundtable all
admit because when I see marketing for
something that looks cool I'm like yeah
I mean if they can deliver on that
that's cool but they probably won't so
I'm not like I don't even have to
prevent myself from getting excited
about games for the most part I just
like don't I just said just doesn't tap
into that excitement anymore I get
excited about cool systems in games that
I that I am playing like you know I did
that let's look at for antihero I had a
fun time playing antihero I thought that
game was thought that game was pretty
fun
I have a fun time playing players on on
battlegrounds it's not that I not that I
dislike playing video games it's just
like you know stuff like III and like
advanced marketing has kind of lost its
luster but not so for the taffy of bear
he loves getting hype for games and you
know even even franchises that have
burned him you might look at that as a
little bit of naivete but I look at it
as clinging on to a you know a little
bit of optimism and an inner child that
to be honest I'm loathe to have lost for
myself it's turned me into the you know
rusted old curmudgeon you see in front
of you today which is good for
commentary purposes because I think it
leads to some uniqueness but I do miss
it and maybe I went out in the end by
feeling superior but I do miss a little
bit of that sense of excitement but in
the city I just I would be faking it if
I was like I can't wait for the new halo
did you see the new Cortana design it
looks amazing it's not a kind of guy I
am anymore
oh dude potato peeler is like ideal
right now so we actually should be
stacked here now if we're talking about
roundtable archetypes I'm the I'm the
pro-business guy you know everybody else
is like but there's no selling a 75 cent
t-shirt with the doom logo on it in
their game should they be you know run
out of business and I go well maybe a
little market should decide no I'm
admittedly dealing with caricatures of
my co-hosts at this point but
because I'm not a businessman I'm a
businessman so I have I'm sympathetic to
business interests won't somebody think
of the businesses for once we should
probably first off stop this anti
consumer line of reasoning secondly oh
there's no spirit hearts to be had so we
should be very very cautious here all I
do like it
potato peelers more interesting but
there's no but really to put after that
Tammy's head is is better but it's also
much more commonly used a potato peeler
has definitely more like uncertainty
associated with it which I think right
now is a good thing so let's just roll
with the potato peeler and hopefully on
the next floor we'll find yeah we have
no mom hopefully on the next floor we'll
find some spirit hearts early otherwise
we can find ourselves in a tight spot
but honestly this is kind of what I
needed right now is a run that's a
little bit on the difficult side but
also quite dynamic I will say though one
spirit heart is like that's the most
dangerous lead in hockey you know
because you feel like you have the
ability to survive a hit but probably
like a third of the enemies or obstacles
in the game will actually hurt you for
one full red heart even before the womb
so we certainly are going to very wary
about the way that we're playing this
one because it's a little scary that's
mostly what I was concerned with right
there I don't know if it's possible to
not take damage on that room would I
live you know obviously we're doing more
damage it shouldn't be a problem but
just stay cool you know stay it stay
loose stay slurpy that's what we say in
Canada
yeah slobs curse magic mush
you got a look yeah that's why you got a
look that's luck but also a good play to
be in that lucky position so I will
tolerate very little descent about you
know save saved you got a you got to
know when to bomb them know when to
2-under up on Sonoma know when to load
explode on Edward Hawthorne and know
when to stop Luton whoo-whoo you never
count your I don't know any other ultima
online terms I only know the video that
damn Keys linking us to and I watch it
every time I see you Luton
I'm not Luton great work what back
that's all it took was like a couple of
spirit hearts that were up to no good
started making trouble in the
neighborhood no words actually like to
say that we're set is probably not fair
the words in a much much more
comfortable position now we can actually
get hit like at least three times as
opposed to possibly once so thank you
balls of steel and also that random
spirit heart and dude we've probably can
make boss rush happen here it's amazing
how quickly you can turn from one to the
other I don't know if I've ever seen if
I I'm normally pretty good at the run
time construction of metaphors and
analogies but I can't really think of an
example it's like the 2012 Los Angeles
Kings you know come oh that's so good
coming out of the West Coast as an eight
seed and then they go on to win the
Stanley Cup in dominant fashion you know
that doesn't happen very often it's a
rarity to be certain and I mean it just
got even better their magic mush is the
damage multiplier I don't think it's two
times damage multiplier I think it's
like 1.8 but I didn't see I just I'm
saying that based on recent anecdotal
reports of mine we have like you know
four damage then it goes up to like you
know 7.2 instead of going up to eight
but it's not like that matters too much
the whole scheme of things people
probably started by telling me it was a
1.8 damage multiplier and then they're
like this idiot is never going to listen
to us just say it's to and maybe like it
gives us an extra small chance he'll
catch on the secret route definitely
will not be a secret room so yeah every
everything of this run ended up working
out okay and it's amazing how quickly it
popped back into place after basically
being on the brink of death like we also
did not get a particularly easy room for
that one room that we had zero wheels
closed or that we had zero tolerance for
you know we had a room that was not
super tough but one that I would say is
also completely plausible that we could
have taken damage on it
we have 12.01 damage extremely good we
do have a small bead on the gup-e dream
so I think you do want to peep this and
see if you get lucky one of these could
be balls of steel I've forgotten bad
strip lockup and it's fine we also got a
Lucky Penny in there so dude that ever
since we unlocked Lucky Penny that's
like a dream come true
oh sorry luck now
[Music]
yes ever what writing utensil did you
use in school this is becoming like a
Dan plays with randoms battle Graham's
video which I would dude I'm not in the
interest of getting you guys to click
away from my content but if you somehow
find yourselves the void of
entertainment to watch I cannot
recommend enough dang easily playing
with random people in players on known
battlegrounds it's just a it's good
old-fashioned fun because you know the
game exists and it is compelling to
watch I think but more so it's Dan
interviewing a stranger over the course
of like 20 to 45 minutes like he did a
video and he was massive this guy called
drew G who was like a young adult
scholar while he wasn't I just reads a
lot I guess but he is from South Africa
originally and he and Dan had like this
conversation by conversation I mostly
mean Dan asked him like one question and
then this guy talks for like ten minutes
he made himself out to be like a very
nice guy then at the end of the damn
just grilling him the whole time and
then at the end of the video they die it
spoilers and druggy is like hey you want
to be friends and Dan just like mutes
him it goes everybody thanks for
watching the video hope you enjoyed it
if you did go back next time let's go
meanwhile drew keys in the background
like in tears probably you just talk to
the spilled his life story to this guy
for like oh that's so good for like
almost an hour and then he just gets
thrown away like you know yesterday's
garbage now that Dan's video is done I'm
not going to you know start a crowd
sourcing campaign or something but I
really wish Dan would at least friend
drew he drew he was also in the comments
for the video and he's like I don't mind
it was a fun video to be a part of seems
like an affable gentleman you should
friend him Daniel you guys have history
friend druggie
dude our damage is poppin off so I'm
going to give up on the idea of going to
boss Russian instead I'm going to go
straight for this five room just for
kicks
basically yeah I can't recommend that
enough that's that's high quality
content use in another video what was
this I'm trying to remember always like
duos with the biggest Mimar ever it's
just a dude keeps saying like can I get
a boneless Pizza over and over that one
you know I'm going to give that episode
like a seven the druggie episode is
actually like a nine though also
watching Dan played battlegrounds
explains so much about why our
battlegrounds before I'm not saying I'm
the best battlegrounds player you know
if you've been watching my video you
understand I'm uh I'm not crushing it in
that department either but some of the
dumb like dude like get into the final
circle all he has is a micro Z I didn't
even know was possible to not have two
guns by the time you got to the final
sorry it doesn't make sense to me
if you don't play battlegrounds you
probably like what is this guy talking
about just that's like making it you
know it's like playing a self sacrifice
room to get to the like the lam floor
well you have four damaged it's just
it's a bad idea so I'm going to be a
little balls here and keep this and dude
curse of the towers been showing up like
non-stop like is this an Indian
restaurant because for starters the non
don't stop all right feast
marry kill naan bread roti I can't think
of a third Indian or South Asian flat
bread pita I mean it's not really
pitas not really South Asian or Indian
obviously but I got to be honest I know
people that are extremely pro roti
I do like it don't get me wrong if I
order some Indian food in there like we
don't have none is rody okay I'm like ow
Yas but I'm a non man at heart it's you
know just lighter airier crispy earth
the roadies got a nice like don't get me
wrong I've got a nice hardiness to it
nice nice firmness it's got a good what
are they saying in the bread industry
it's a good crumb got a great crumb into
it I don't know if that's what they say
in the bread industry I was just taking
a guess it's like when you have a scotch
you kind of run it along the glass you
ever you ever see like a scotch
enthusiast in a movie do that
they roll the Scotch back and forth in
the glass and then they see how it
sticks to the side of the glass and no
matter what happens you go mmm
nice legs that's that step one if you
want to be like a scotch enthusiast I'm
telling you straight up I'm giving you
the keys of the kingdom I'm not a scotch
enthusiast myself but I lived with a guy
who was he didn't tell me this I just
picked up on it you can violate these
like a look at a nice Scotch here I did
take it just because I don't think we've
handed yet even if we have we're still
safe but um you get like a nice scotch
and they be like ooh nice legs get like
a $1 $1 Scotch that's ridicul Eyck $1
per ounce scotch roll it around in the
glass let's go some nice legs to it
again like if you're approaching
adulthood I'll give you the secret if
you if you ever want to order wine at a
restaurant but you want to feel like
fancier you want to like impress
somebody despite not having the
knowledge to do so you just when the
server comes by and is like can I get
you something to drink you go we're
looking for a bottle of wine what would
you recommend and then they'll give you
something and then just order the
cheapest thing on the menu anyway
because it at least makes it look like
you weren't gonna do it in advance and
then it makes it look like you got a
good eye for bargains because you're
like um take taking your opinion under
advisement but don't actually do that it
makes you you just wasting their time
but anyway whenever you whenever you
order a beer go um yeah we're still
gonna get in the ex but you know what
the IBU on that is and you know
depending on where you are they might be
like yeah or they might be like I have
no idea you all that's okay I'll just
take it anyway what is this is mr.
musics right yeah like might be the best
item in the game but also I sorta ate it
but it can steal items for us so let's
give it a try these are these are things
by the way I would never suggest that
you actually do because it's going to
take you I mean the servers are going to
hate you it's not really their job to
like you but you should be nice to them
and that's wasting their time you know
they got a lot of tables mister that's
all I'm trying to say okay I'm just
giving you I'm giving you the secret
what you should not do no no we don't
want that we don't want that just wait
it out is do what Michael al Fox used to
do and be like you know a what do you
have what do you recommend oh I like to
drink a gallon of fruit punch with a
single eyedropper full of red wine
inserted into it oh yeah I mean I'll
take that
I've told the story before but went to
McDonald's with him one time
the simplest place to order food of all
time trying to be a smart guy goes up
the counter what do you like to get here
and she's like I'd like to get for
Chicken McNuggets from the happy meal
and a Tuscan chicken snack Ram I can
guarantee you that is not what that man
wanted to eat he wanted her to say like
quarter pounder with cheese instead she
gave him this weird you know secret menu
hack that not enough food for you know
after a night drinking some high ivu
beers all you can do is laugh that's
what happens when you put on airs I
guess I'm I mean I keep doing it to
myself here still a little scared about
this situation though we're not in a
beautiful spot when it comes to our HP
and we do have to beat the cathedral
it's not hard to beat the cathedral
necessarily but I'd prefer to not have
to do it on one HP so let's see if we
can if we can make that dream of reality
red mom easy mom
and also sailors the light we can
actually get permanent polaroid
invincibility now wait don't we have the
chest unlocked now we went down to the
chest on a recent run at least so I
think we might have the chest unlocked I
don't know why I'm holding the fool card
by the way I guess you know even in my
in my head I looked at my damage and was
like 15 damaged six rate of fire how
could we miss boss rush well we went a
little slowly and we also I hate this
you know what that's a perfect I was not
confident that we wouldn't get hit there
we went a little slowly and we also did
the depths one twice so my favorite zany
actor Johnny Depp's won twice
he's uh he's from Bavaria isn't the
German know he's a Germany's Bavarian
you Philistine is any French no he's
from the South of France
it's completely different there's a bit
in there but I don't think the bit has
any legs if you know what I mean you
know at least I saved it with an
accidental call back to the Scotch snob
a character that will absolutely never
take off syringe no serving you know to
me you should avenge
sue really I know what 1% of you out
there are thinking and now was that a
reference to yen's like Mints 2007 Alvin
night falls over quarter dolla
you got it buster I'm here to make the
most accessible references of all time
you could say I'm here to mmm get her
done no that's illegal what you've done
to me there I'm also I'm just going to
be straight with you I'm a little cheese
because we've been playing real well
there's a tinted rock on this room
you've been playing real well for a
couple of floors now but devoid of any
tackling fuel
all right we're going to finish this
floor that might be a second secret room
good deal with the devil chance and we
can use mr. meeseeks to steal an item
speed downs not bad balls of steel is
beautiful for up to six lakh and X lakhs
is meaningless
okay mister me six I think is like awful
from a damage-dealing perspective so I'm
only I'm saving it to get free deal with
the devil items like a reusable kind of
credit card I guess you can also steal
sharp items that suppose which we maybe
should have done on the Depp's too but
we've passed that train up a long time
ago I feel like we've had a lot of runs
lately where it just seems like the
spirit hearts have been a little dry
and that could be operator error you
know just not finding them even though
they exist and it could be part of a
larger conspiracy to exclusively impact
my game in my game alone wake up sheeple
of course bunny battery time and we
could use our battery charges to
actually use mr. musics for the first
time ever I would like to do hush
honestly we've within like the last five
minutes we've completely changed the
candor of this run is that a real word
the tri-state Tambor Canberra might be
real it's like something you do with
like a a machine that articulates
we're not even going to get to use mr.
matrix dude the thing is we don't have
enough HP to do the Haj fight if we got
a lot of HP somehow and consider it but
right now it just doesn't make any darn
sense for us to pursue that sadly we
have given away a little bit of HP that
we probably shouldn't have but that's
half the fun isak you know if you can't
make some bad decisions and Isaac after
you know a million hours of the game got
to take a long hard look in the mirror
by the mirror I mean my button now
that's you're taking advantage of the
sanctity of the joka definitely thank
you very much I appreciate the spirit
hard and I appreciate the other spirit
heart in advance we really have only
been a hit like twice since the depths
to persisted since maybe the Deaf swan
now that I think about it but still it
got to be a little bit vigilant we're
not rolling in HP what did we get that
allowed us to break the tier cat by the
way screw yeah you learn something new
every day that you then proceeded to
forget because you do like you know nine
Isaac episodes today and none of the
information can actually stay in your
brain because you never given yourself a
chances you know keep the information
there you'd like to categorize the
information
they actually store it properly you just
thrown it in a haphazard pile makes it
harder to retrieve later okay so this is
one thing on lock press here let's make
a guess I like playing this game what do
you get when you beat the Cathedral as
Eve I am going to say that you unlock
the razor blade because it's very much
in keeping with Eve's
style of gameplay which is that you hurt
yourself to the hurt enemy's
disproportionate more just unfortunately
more than you hurt yourself so I'm going
to assume that this is the razor blade
[Music]
it's nothing apparently at least not yet
uh hear me out here okay that actually
completely worked uh we have so much
luck we should go like do rooms I should
fight mega Satan dude knocking out mega
Satan is like one of the most finicky
things that you could ever do as any of
these characters it's not necessarily a
hard but it's better to do it as soon as
you get the chance I think rather than
you know trying to create the perfect
run to do it which normally requires
angel statues and Angel statues are like
the part of the farthest thing from a
guarantee in this whole freaking game so
we can just knock it out on this one
that would be perfect but I would like
to see a little bit more HP first
[Music]
the bombs aren't really worth anything I
mean neither is a you know mr. musics in
this situation I don't know we may we
can drop them on mega Satan and I'll do
some damage
how do you have six luck do six rooms
and not get any items out of it we also
have contract from below so I'm looking
for like doubled items this is the whole
point of having six luck at this point
it's not like it gives us a better
chance of you know dodge bullets but
when we're ready it means that we won't
have to that's the more I was going to
say the Prometheus promise what I'm
trying to say the Morpheus promise but
my brain is not letting me get the words
out because it's literally something
that sounds like the bad guys planned
from a Mission Impossible movie
it's the Morpheus promise and you're
like what's the Morpheus promise did you
find out an hour and a half into the
movie that it's actually like the
Morpheus promise is actually like a
biological weapon turns you into that
sweaty Laurence Fishburne from the
interrogation scene in the matrix one
nobody wants to be sweaty Laurence
Fishburne are you actually kidding me
because we've done like almost a
probably at this point half the floor
I'm not asking for the world I'm just
asking for you know a single payout here
which would actually be a double payout
but that's not my fault I picked up the
item earlier and now I'm looking to
collect
I wonder if we kill blue baby but don't
get in the chest do we get the blue baby
unlock as well because if that's the
case we have a fairly obvious course of
action to knock out as much as we can on
this very run don't jump don't jump
don't you we're good
Oh finally yeah we have fat odd mushroom
and a guppy transformations the Gumby
transformation changes everything
sad odd mushroom is kind of a tough call
because it does give us damage it
doesn't ruin a Whore of Babylon the
damage is small and we're going to lose
permanent polaroid invincibility either
way I can't complain anymore because six
locks just got us Guffey so we'll start
by finding blue baby which is right here
good card please acceptable card yeah
yeah that's fine
this might be the biggest blue baby
stomp you've ever had in fact it might
be like the first blue baby kill we've
ever had on this run and I guess with
five hearts we're just going to give it
a shot
this is actually like a really really
accomplished run I'm quite happy with it
let's just do like our last few rooms
here first we're killing everything very
very quickly good random roll dude so
not we actually can't use the
forget-me-now at suck because we use the
forget-me-now it'll spawn us on a new
floor
we'll lose mr. musics Oh No
and then we won't be able to get back in
the mega satan door nice at this point
we got to go for it
excuse me well it's a good indication of
how strong we are if we get through this
without getting hit which it looks like
we will so we did all that
oh shoot the whoop is actually totally
fine for a boss fight and a prayer card
gives us one extra hit so maybe I'm okay
with that
and our final room nice all right
well it's going to make it a little
others one more room light but whatever
is going to make it a little tougher but
that's okay
I think we just ripped a loop when we
get to that wave that's like the four
mini bosses all we should have killed
salmon last but honestly with the amount
of damage we're doing by the time I
realized I'm shooting at the less
efficient enemy it's already too late
like they died so quickly that we
especially with the Flies we can't
really turn it around on them so you
should be done yeah that was really good
angel stance you shouldn't even get a
chance to basically exist before they
die and with shielded tears I'm not
really concerned here it's for just 35
minute run that is taking out so many
different things on the on the eve
checklist here Cathedral mega satan
possibly blue baby as well definitely
mega saving though and once you kill
mega satan you get the ending so it's
not like you could have forgetten
forgotten me now at this oh no wait we
totally could have do it you have to you
actually have to I'm not even salty
about going to the sack knife has
appeared in the basement dead boy
achieved okay a new pill has appeared
little babies appeared I'm not salty in
the least about this because we have to
knock it out so we did ruin permanent
polaroid invincibility but in my defense
I thought that was going to be the final
floor so and we have exactly the right
item for
for this floor as well obviously we're
looking to quite delirium laughs and a
level with you I think we're not
guaranteed we're got me that's right
we're not guaranteed to be delirium
we're low on HP this could be delirium -
okay we got lucky we're not guaranteed
to beat him
we need more HP he's extremely tanky
that's fun I think so I like it another
pill balls steel
I'm drowsy gray pill for the hush if we
can nerve for delirium if we can
guarantee that pill for delirium that
raises our odds greatly but I'm not
going to walk in there with a random
pill and then use it on delirium because
I'm excited would be like a nightmare I
don't think it's attempted rock but we
got a look I was just kind of obscured
so it's hard to tell just kind of
obscured you know you probably haven't
seen it we have already had magic mush
infested is fine blind rage blind rage
is probably a good take right here
what's that bonus we get for that it's
actually a real minor right now but we
don't need
and we don't all need and dance always
let's go okay we don't it all need
liberty camps so I think that this is
actually going to be completely ok we'll
just try to finish with the shoopdawhoop
but I mean we don't even have to finish
with this we could just hold on to our
full charge and be fine it's a like
really heavy wave right here he's
already like 70% dead I'm not quite 70%
then maybe like 40% so it looks like
we're probably going to come away with W
year this is a really really really
strong run we checked off like every
posted node that we were missing didn't
take a lot of dumb damage and really
like a dream run we now have so much
each stuff here that we never have to
worry about again so we'll be back
tomorrow with us Anna basil green mode
run just letting you know if you want to
skip that one
apart from that thanks for watching
we'll try to make it fun as we give
ourselves the chance to unlock loath for
now thanks for watching and uh let's
take a look at this post-it note dude
look at that
either way I'll see you next time